DOCS-10355 - Clearer instructions for collecting custom resources (#28655)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/containers/configuration.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Collect custom resources

The [Kubernetes Explorer][3] automatically collects CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) by default. 

Follow these steps to collect the custom resources that these CRDs define:

1. In Datadog, open [Kubernetes Explorer][3]. On the left panel, under **Select Resources**, select [**Kubernetes > Custom Resources > Resource Definitions**][4].

1. Locate the CRD that defines the custom resource you want to visualize in the explorer. Under the **Indexing** column, click **ENABLED** or **DISABLED**.

   <div class="alert alert-info">If your CRD has multiple versions, you are prompted to select which version you want to configure indexing for.</div>

>    {{< img src="infrastructure/containers_view/CRD_indexing_1.mp4" alt="A video of the Kubernetes Explorer > Custom Resources > Resource Definitions page. The cursor moves down to one of the rows of the table and, under the 'Indexing' column, clicks on 'ENABLED'. Because this CRD has two versions, a tooltip appears. The cursor selects 'v1alpha1'. A modal appears." video="true">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="infrastructure/containers_view/CRD_indexing_1.mp4" alt="A video of Kubernetes Explorer with the Custom Resources dropdown expanded and Resource Definitions selected. The cursor moves down to one of the rows of the table and, under the 'Indexing' column, clicks on 'ENABLED'. Because this CRD has two versions, a tooltip appears. The cursor selects 'v1alpha1'. A modal appears." video="true">}}
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to make this alt text more descriptive per our best practices guide

1. Follow the instructions in the modal's **Agent Setup** section to update your Datadog Agent configuration:

   {{< tabs >}}
   {{% tab "Helm Chart" %}}

   1. Add the following configuration to `datadog-values.yaml`:

      ```
      orchestratorExplorer:
          customResources:
              - <CUSTOM_RESOURCE_NAME>
      ```

   1. Upgrade your Helm chart:

      ```
      helm upgrade -f datadog-values.yaml <RELEASE_NAME> datadog/datadog
      ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{% tab "Datadog Operator" %}}

   1. Install the Datadog Operator with an option that grants the Datadog Agent permission to collect custom resources:

      ```
      helm install datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator --set clusterRole.allowReadAllResources=true
      ```

   1. Add the following configuration to your `DatadogAgent` manifest, `datadog-agent.yaml`:

      ```
      features:
        orchestratorExplorer:
          customResources:
            - <CUSTOM_RESOURCE_NAME>
      ```

   1. Apply your new configuration:

>       ```ash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ```
```

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to be doing anything, but let me know if that's not the case
